New Resource : `azurerm_monitor_alert_prometheus_rule_group` (#21751)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/monitor_alert_prometheus_rule_group.html.markdown

  name                = "example-amw"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
}

resource "azurerm_kubernetes_cluster" "example" {
  name                = "example-cluster"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  dns_prefix          = "example-aks"
  kubernetes_version  = "1.25.5"

  default_node_pool {
    name                   = "default"
    node_count             = 1
    vm_size                = "Standard_DS2_v2"
    enable_host_encryption = true
  }

  identity {
    type = "SystemAssigned"
  }
}

resource "azurerm_monitor_alert_prometheus_rule_group" "example" {
  name                = "example-amprg"
  location            = "West Europe"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  cluster_name        = azurerm_kubernetes_cluster.example.name
  description         = "This is the description of the following rule group"
  rule_group_enabled  = false
  interval            = "PT1M"
  scopes              = [azurerm_monitor_workspace.example.id]
  rule {
    enabled    = false

>     expression = "histogram_quantile(0.99, sum(rate(jobs_duration_seconds_bucket{service=\" billing-processing \"}[5m])) by (job_type))"

Reviewer: it might be better to use heredoc/multiple line expression here rather then escape "?

Author: Thanks for your feedback. I have updated the code. Could you please take another look?

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the Alert Management Prometheus Rule Group.

---

A `rule` block supports the following:

* `action` - (Optional) An `action` block as defined below.

* `alert` - (Optional) Specifies the Alert rule name.

* `annotations` - (Optional) Specifies a set of informational labels that can be used to store longer additional information such as alert descriptions or runbook links.

* `enabled` - (Optional) Is this rule enabled? Possible values are `true` and `false`.

* `expression` - (Required) Specifies the Prometheus Query Language expression to evaluate. For more details see [this doc](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/basics). Evaluate at the period given by `interval` and record the result as a new set of time series with the metric name given by `record`. 

* `for` - (Optional) Specifies the amount of time alert must be active before firing, represented in ISO 8601 duration format.

* `labels` - (Optional) Specifies the labels to add or overwrite before storing the result.

* `record` - (Optional) Specifies the recorded metrics name.

> * `resolve_configuration` - (Optional) A `resolve_configuration` block as defined below.

Reviewer: this might make more sense as\ ?
```suggestion
* `alert_resolution` - (Optional) A `alert_resolution` block as defined below.
```

Author: Thanks for your feedback. I have updated the code. Could you please take another look?
